Update gimbal_control.md (#2438)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/advanced/gimbal_control.md

make px4_sitl gazebo-classic_typhoon_h480
```

> To just test the mount driver on other models or simulators, make sure the driver runs (using `gimbal start`), then configure its parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To just test the [gimbal driver](../modules/modules_driver.md#gimbal) on other models or simulators, make sure the driver runs (using `gimbal start`), then configure its parameters.
```
